README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋
My favourite languages are NodeJS and C. I am currently a university student but there are repositories such as a fun C project I did [C-object](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/c-object.git) I did before entering university or <a href="https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/slate.git">Slate</a> which is undergoing rennovations (and will be reborn as something epic) and [Webject](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/webject.git) which is being maintained _more_

### Stuff Done while in University
- [Security Advisory Contribution](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-25hc-qcg6-38wj) `CVE-2024-38355`
- [Multiplayer Maze Game](https://paulrytaylor.info.tt) on my own domain ~~render loading time genuinely sukcs currently~~
- [Proof of Work CAPTCHA](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/pow_captcha) which uses C compiled to WebAssembly for the work-heavy part
- [JavaScript Timer](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/timer) has timers that are more precise than the native counterparts _(setInterval, setTimeout)_
- [Maze Generation Library](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/maze) which builds a perfect maze and can export as an image
- [Homemade Cipher](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/homemade-cipher) based on matrix multiplication ~~well technically this one was before university but I separated it from the Slate project that I will renovate~~
- [Custom Data Structure ValueTree](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/battledudes-elo-bot/blob/master/valueTree.js) which is applied in a discord bot for tracking ELO in a game called [battledudes](https://battledudes.io) ~~not in the game's main discord server but a community made one~~

### Contact
- 📫 Reach me via email at paulrytaylor@gmail.com or discord by `yours.truly.`

Commit message:

proof of concept for the cve shown

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋
My favourite languages are NodeJS and C. I am currently a university student but there are repositories such as a fun C project I did [C-object](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/c-object.git) I did before entering university or <a href="https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/slate.git">Slate</a> which is undergoing rennovations (and will be reborn as something epic) and [Webject](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/webject.git) which is being maintained _more_

### Stuff Done while in University
- [Security Advisory Contribution](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-25hc-qcg6-38wj) `CVE-2024-38355` with my [proof of concept](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/socketio-cve)
- [Multiplayer Maze Game](https://paulrytaylor.info.tt) on my own domain ~~render loading time genuinely sukcs currently~~
- [Proof of Work CAPTCHA](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/pow_captcha) which uses C compiled to WebAssembly for the work-heavy part
- [JavaScript Timer](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/timer) has timers that are more precise than the native counterparts _(setInterval, setTimeout)_
- [Maze Generation Library](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/maze) which builds a perfect maze and can export as an image
- [Homemade Cipher](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/homemade-cipher) based on matrix multiplication ~~well technically this one was before university but I separated it from the Slate project that I will renovate~~
- [Custom Data Structure ValueTree](https://github.com/Y0ursTruly/battledudes-elo-bot/blob/master/valueTree.js) which is applied in a discord bot for tracking ELO in a game called [battledudes](https://battledudes.io) ~~not in the game's main discord server but a community made one~~

### Contact
- 📫 Reach me via email at paulrytaylor@gmail.com or discord by `yours.truly.`
